docs(autoapprove): Update automerge.md and mention autoApprove option (#35837)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/key-concepts/automerge.md

If you're on `github.com` or GitHub Enterprise Server (`>=3.4`) you can let Renovate bypass the mandatory Pull Request reviews using the "[Allow specified actors to bypass required pull requests](https://github.blog/changelog/2021-11-19-allow-bypassing-required-pull-requests/)" option in your branch protection rules.

Alternatively, if you use the Mend Renovate App, you can also install the helper apps [renovate-approve](https://github.com/apps/renovate-approve) and [renovate-approve-2](https://github.com/apps/renovate-approve-2) and they will mark all automerging Pull Requests by Renovate as approved.

> These approval helper apps are only available for GitHub.

Reviewer: Please don't remove these

Alternatively, if you use the Mend Renovate App, you can also install the helper apps [renovate-approve](https://github.com/apps/renovate-approve) and [renovate-approve-2](https://github.com/apps/renovate-approve-2) and they will mark all automerging Pull Requests by Renovate as approved.
These approval helper apps are only available for GitHub.

> On Azure/Gerrit/Gitlab, you can activate the [`autoApprove` option](https://docs.renovatebot.com/configuration-options/#autoapprove).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On Azure/Gerrit/Gitlab, you can activate the [`autoApprove` option](../configuration-options.md#autoapprove).
```
